Company / Organization Name	: Cruz-Rabe Maternity & General Hospital 
Project Name			: Manual Process of Pharmacy Requests/Discharging 
Primary Contact Person		: Carmelita D. Buenaflor

Users System was intended for pharmacists to use in their service that assists patients’ drug requests that is prescribed by doctor. Alternatively, the Pharmacy Requests will be assumed to me automated and data will be on a database for data warehouse. This scheme will ease the work of the auditing staff and the discharging process of patients. 

Project Objectives

Short Term 
1. Paperless Transactions System (PTS) 
?	Hospital transactions are direct generated electronically or online. 
?	It saves resources and money. 
?	Less tedious on data mining and documentation.

2. Increased Data Availability 
?	One of the system’s feature associated with service and performance. 
?	Patients can request accurate and firm hospital records. 
?	Patients record are documented that can be requested anytime.

3. Reliable Data Records 
?	Hospital records will be ethical and error free. 
?	Results will be more trustworthy.

4. Save and Track Relevant Information 
?	Pharmacist can easily track pharmacy records. 
?	Convenient way of discharging patients.

5. Quick Discharging of Patient 
?	Pharmacist’s work less tedious on tracking records for a discharging patient.

Long Term 

1. Fast and Reliable Hospital Service 
?	Cruz-Rabe Maternity & General Hospital will serve patients at its best. 
?	Patients will be satisfied on automated storage of data and results.

2. System Integration and Innovation 
?	Pharmacy system will be more reliable and convenient. 
?	The system keeps track of all the inventory of the hospital, which may include departments such as pharmacy, accounting and etc. Stock & manufacturer details are maintained by the system. The invoice, pharmacy requests and other hospital information is generated by the system and detail reports of each transaction will be maintained and available.

3. Proposed Web Sites for the Hospitals & its Features 
?	Along with the system we also propose a web site for the hospital, which will enable hospitals on global scale and keep up on date, Furthermore, with today's latest technology. Also it provides a good advertising platform for projecting the hospitals worldwide. 
?	The web site will contain following features: 1.	Detailed background information of the hospital and its history. 2.	Keep patients up to date of hospitals news and announcements. 3.	Health tips for the visitors. 4.	Online health related problem solving by the experts. 5. Health related news. 6.	Online threads of health concerns with experts and their comments 7.	Mailing system for the users who are seeking information.
Success Factors Short Term ?	We can assume that the system will be feasible if we meet the following requirements: ?	If the system seems to be helpful when hospital transactions (pharmacy requests) are now processed in just a few moments. ?	Results produced are accurate and reliable for the patients. ?	Hospitals records can be track down easily from its database. ?	Less resources are produced but service will be doubled.
Long Term ?	We can assume that the system will be successful for a long term if we meet the following requirements: ?	If the system are useful to patients and hospital staffs in exchange to service, performance and satisfaction. ?	If it will generate enough revenue to the maintenance of the system.
Vision and Scope Document
1. Business Requirements 
1.1 Background, Business Opportunity, and Customer Needs 
A lot of people are laying their health safety in the hands of medical field professionals, with corresponding good quality equipment, and authorized medicines. These requirements, to ensure to have the right treatment, are all present in the developers’ chosen client; Cruz-Rabe Maternity and General Hospital. To give a brief background about the hospital, it was led by Dr. Jose Casimino Rabe, and when he married Elinda Cruz, it became Cruz-Rabe. Somehow, the couple decided to turn the hospital into a family corporation. One could say the corporation has good reputation since it was already giving service as a health center before for about 12 years already. Aside from this information, Cruz-Rabe Maternity and General Hospital is located at General Luna Street, Tuktukan, Taguig and has three other branches. First, is the South Superhighway Medical Centre, their main branch. All main records, and important assets are located there. Second, is the Gen. Trias Cavite, so-called the Satellite Hospital. The third one can be found at EDSA, another Cruz-Rabe branch.
Based on the client’s needs, a Pharmacy Management System will make a huge difference in its line of work. There are sufficient amount of tools to help them do business processes but they are not enough to make it efficient. All transactions being done are in manual type of processing. Because of this, the developers decided to pick an area to develop wherein that factor does a critical role; the pharmacy. The pharmacy of Cruz-Rabe hospital has only two pharmacists, including the developers’ contact, Mrs. Carmelita Bueno. Mainly, her concern is the manual way of processing the prescription orders of the patients.Since most likely, a pharmacy request slip needs to be transacted before allowing the patients to leave thus, having another aspect of system because most of the time, the order has already medicines required to be bought before the release. This is where the inventory side comes in. The Pharmacy Management System that will be made can cover all these factors in one place, a big business opportunity which must be done to ensure the efficiency of work especially with limited number of employees.

1.2 Business Objectives and Success Criteria
BO-1: Make the processing of prescriptions easier and faster by 100% and above.
BO-2: Reduce the loss of data by 80% of the existing and upcoming records.
BO-3: Increase efficiency of work in input of information and processing of requests by the pharmacists for about 80% upon the system’s implementation
SC-1: The pharmacists are able to maximize the use of the Pharmacy Management System (PMS) immediately after its release.

SC-2: Receive a positive feedback from the management regarding the increase average amount of work done by the pharmacy department.
If the system can adapt in the other needs of the client, the PMS may enhance and expand

1.3 Business Risks

RI-1: The new imposed Pharmacy Management System might take critics since the organization is not prioritizing the pharmacy department regarding in its business transactions. Thus, conflict between parties may occur.

RI-2: It will require equipment and services in order to produce the system. This means, the organization need to invest in this project as there is a possibility to make changes in certain aspects such as its maintenance and security.

RI-3: The client has three more branches, which implies that there will be discussions about the implementation of the new system. On what might be the outcome is unpredictable. Chances are it could create huge impact in the organization’s workflow.

2. Vision of the Solution 2.1 Vision Statement Pharmacy Management System (PMS), an online-database processing system, is dedicated to ease the way of accepting requests by pharmacists to process the prescription orders in a better way. It will not only verify the information received, but also keep the records in a secured database which can be accessed for future preferences. Unlike the old-style of manual processes, PMS intended to improve the quality of work in the medical field by providing the essential steps of transactions in fast-pace. The vision of this system is determined to bring happiness on patients to meet their loved ones not tomorrow, the next day, but today.

2.2 Major Features
FE-1: Process the doctor’s chart to process prescriptions online.
FE-2: Input the pharmacy request slip form information in the system.
FE-3: Collects data from the stakeholders to be stored in the secured database.
FE-4: Access the records of patients anytime, anywhere within the hospital branches.
FE-5: Checks the validation and availability of the requests.
FE-6: Secures the authorization of the pharmacists and authorized personnel to do the process.
FE-7: Process accounting transactions through an automated manner.
FE-8: Sends the information throughout the other departments electronically.
2.3 Assumptions and Dependencies
AS-1: Additional equipment, services, and maintenance, such as computers and printers, will be improvised for the authorized personnel to do the business processes.
AS-2: The hospital will be developed to ensure the system was implemented well. Lesser hardcopies, more softcopies for the records.
DE-1: If the pharmacy requests were send into the other departments for reviews and approval, like finance and logistics, a system should support it for its consistency.
